# Users can mint more DSC than deposited collateral.

### Relevant GitHub Links

https://github.com/Cyfrin/2023-07-foundry-defi-stablecoin/blob/main/src/DSCEngine.sol#L155-L157

## Summary - Vulnerability Details

The `DSCEngine` contracts accept all types of ERC20 tokens that have price feed and some of them can be `fee-on-transfer` tokens which deduct tokens for a fee. It means this contract will receive fewer tokens than mentioned by users in the `depositCollateral` function's parameters.

The location mentioned in the given link updates the users `s_collateralDeposited` mapping balances for different tokens based on user provided `amountCollateral` parameter, which can be vulnerable because it is possible that the contract will receive fewer tokens than mentioned by users.

Consider the scenario

1. Token X is a fee-on-transfer token and it takes 10% for each transfer. Alice has 1000 token X and Bob has 2000 token X

2. Both deposited collat eral and transfers all tokens to the `DSCEngine` contract. It recorded the `amountCollateral` for token X of Alice is 1000 and Bob is 2000. But since token X has a 10% fee, the contract only receives 2700 token X in the `transferFrom`.

3. Now Bob burn his DSC and redeemed his collateral (2000) from the pool. Because the pool recorded 2000 his funds, he can redeem 2000 token X.

4. Now the contract only has 700 token X left and obviously it's unable for Alice to redeem.

## Tools Used

Manual Review, Solodit

## Recommendations

Check the balance of the contracts before and after the transfer, and compare the difference with the amount mentioned by users if the amount is less than mentioned then contracts can revert.
